# AI_Scripts_from_Cyberdino
This repository contains some of the AI scripts for the NPCs (Non Player Controlled), scripts I wrote for the game CyberDino. This game was a senior project for some digital media students at Utah Valley University. I was majoring in Software Engineering, a Computer Science major, and was 1 of just 4 students invited to do the code scripting for the game. The digital media department has a game development degree but they don't teach them much about writing code. The DGM students did all of the animations and artwork, and the CS students brought it all to life with the many different scripts that went in to creating this game. Also, another NOTE: this game ended up winning the AWARD for BEST STUDENT WORK at the PUSH BOTTON SUMMIT 2014. Everyone who took part in the project was very happy and proud of what we accomplished. The digital media professor in charge wanted the AI 'Dinos' to be more challenging so that is what I gave him here. The level of difficulty ranges from 'Insane Bloodbath with a Life Expectancy of 3-4 Seconds' to a 'Somewhat Easy Race (as far as the AI Dinos not killing you off so easily. The race itself is still difficult to win.)'. This was some fun work to do and I would love to get in to game-scripting as a career someday soon. I just graduated with my Bachelor of Science in Software Engineering in April and am currently looking for the right job for me. It has become quite obvious to me that whatever line of Software Engineering you end up getting into in your first job out of school will most likely be the line of Software Engineering that you will do for the entirety of your career. So I'm trying to choose my first job wisely. I also love Android Development, C# .NET, and others. And I'm pretty good with a pretty big handful of programming languages. I'm way off track for the description of this repository.
